Additional Text about Subject Name (#55)
thomas-fossati/draft-tls13-iot: draft-ietf-uta-tls13-iot-profile.md

This section outlines the requirements for root CA certificates.

## Subject

Section 4.1.2.6 of {{!RFC5280}} defines the subject field as follows: "The subject field identifies
the entity associated with the public key stored in the subject public key field. The subject name
MAY be carried in the subject field and/or the subjectAltName extension."

RFC 5280 adds "If the subject is a CA then the subject field MUST be
populated with a non-empty distinguished name matching the contents of the
issuer field in all certificates issued by the subject CA."

> Root CA certificates MUST have a non-empty subjectName.

Author: ```suggestion
Root CA certificates MUST have a non-empty subject field.
```

> The subjectName MUST contain the commonName, the organizationName, and the countryName attribute and MAY contain an organizationalUnitName attribute.

Author: ```suggestion
The subject field MUST contain the commonName, the organizationName, and the countryName attribute and MAY contain an organizationalUnitName attribute.
```
